Java SDK docs (#172)
restatedev/documentation: docs/services/sdk/awakeables.mdx

const result = await awakeable.promise;
```

The SDK deserializes the payload with `JSON.parse(result.toString()) as T`.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
// 1. Generate the ID
Awakeable<String> awakeable = ctx.awakeable(TypeTag.STRING_UTF8);

// 2. Send the ID to some external system
String awakeableId = awakeable.id();
// ... send a request to another system and include the awakeableId as callback url...

// 3. Wait for the ID to returned and retrieve the payload
awakeable.await();
```

> You need to define the return value type of the awakeable, so that the Restate SDK knows how to deserialize it. You can do this by supplying the `TypeTag` or class, for example `TypeTag.STRING_UTF8` or `boolean.class`.  

Author: I think I will need your help for this one cause I am not sure about all the details here.

String payload = awakeable.await();
```

You need to define the deserializer for the payload.
For primitive types, you can do this by using Restate's built-in `dev.restate.sdk.core.CoreSerdes`.
For other types, have a look at the [serialization documentation](/services/sdk/serialization).

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Completing awakeables from another Restate service

The external process that received the ID, needs to deliver it back to Restate when the task is done.

If the external process is another Restate service, then you can use the SDK to resolve the awakeable (= to send the ID back).
Use the awakeable ID that you received from the other service, and do the following:

<Tabs groupId="sdk">
<TabItem value="ts" label="Typescript">

```typescript
ctx.resolveAwakeable(id, "hello");
```

The SDK serializes the payload with `Buffer.from(JSON.stringify(payload))` and deserializes it in the receiving service with `JSON.parse(result.toString()) as T`.
Make sure that the payload you send, has the type that is expected on the receiving side.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="java" label="Java">

```java
ctx.awakeableHandle(awakeableId).resolve(CoreSerdes.STRING_UTF8, "hello");
```

> You need to define the serialization for the payload, so that the Restate SDK knows how to deserialize it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to define the serializer for the payload.
```
